#600 Configuration of the Cluster agent and Fleet agent for scheduling (#670)
rancher/rancher-docs: docs/reference-guides/cluster-configuration/rancher-server-configuration/rke1-cluster-configuration.md

If the `updateStrategy` of `ingress-nginx` is `OnDelete`, you will need to delete these pods to get the correct version for your deployment.

### Cluster Agent Configuration and Fleet Agent Configuration

> You can customize the scheduling fields and resource limits for the cluster agent, and for the cluster's Fleet agent. You can use this feature to customize cluster tolerations, affinity rules, and resource requirments. Your customizations will override pre-existing rules and default settings.

Reviewer: Suggestion (fix wording to make the functionality more clear and spelling)

`You can customize the scheduling fields and resource limits for the Cluster Agent and the cluster's Fleet Agent. You can use this feature to customize tolerations, affinity rules, and resource requirements. Additional tolerations will be appended to a list of default tolerations and control plane node taints. Defining custom affinity rules will override the global default affinity setting, and defining resource requirements will set requests or limits where there was none.`

:::note
It's possible to override rules that are required for the functioning of the cluster. For example, 
the `affinity.nodeAffinity.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` rule for `cattle-cluster-agent` prevents agent pods from running on Windows nodes. We strongly recommend against removing `affinity.nodeAffinity.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` or other affinity rules that you're unsure about.
:::

> If Rancher is downgraded to a version that doesn't have your custom fields, the values in these fields will be lost and the agents will redeploy without your customizations. The Fleet agent will fallback to using its built-in default values when it redeploys. If the Fleet version doesn't change during the downgrade, the redeployment won't be immediate.

Reviewer: `downgraded to a version lower than 2.7.5`

`redeploy won't be immediate`

> If Rancher is downgraded to a version that doesn't have your custom fields, the values in these fields will be lost and the agents will redeploy without your customizations. The Fleet agent will fallback to using its built-in default values when it redeploys. If the Fleet version doesn't change during the downgrade, the redeployment won't be immediate.

Reviewer: I'd also suggest adding a note about how changing the default affinity is not advised

Author: @a-blender on line 191 we call out particular rules that users shouldn't override/remove. Do you want that modified?

Reviewer: I think modifying the default affinity in general is dangerous, so I'd recommend saying perhaps `We strong recommend against removing x or any other default affinity rules` but just my 2c. If they modify it, they can always add the default back but I'd rather customers mess with it as little as possible.

If the `updateStrategy` of `ingress-nginx` is `OnDelete`, you will need to delete these pods to get the correct version for your deployment.

### Cluster Agent Configuration and Fleet Agent Configuration

You can configure the scheduling fields and resource limits for the Cluster Agent and the cluster's Fleet Agent. You can use these fields to customize tolerations, affinity rules, and resource requirements. Additional tolerations are appended to a list of default tolerations and control plane node taints. If you define custom affinity rules, they override the global default affinity setting. Defining resource requirements sets requests or limits where there previously were none.

:::note

> With this option, it's possible to override or remove rules that are required for the functioning of the cluster. We strongly recommend against removing or overriding the following affinity rules, as this may cause unwanted side effects:

Author: ```suggestion
With this option, it's possible to override or remove rules that are required for the functioning of the cluster. We strongly recommend against removing or overriding the following affinity rules, as this may cause unwanted side effects:
```

- `affinity.nodeAffinity.requiredDuringSchedulingIgnoredDuringExecution` for `cattle-cluster-agent`
- `cluster-agent-default-affinity` for `cattle-cluster-agent`
- `fleet-agent-default-affinity` for `fleet-agent`
:::

> If you downgrade Rancher to a version that doesn't have your custom fields, your changes will be lost and the agents will redeploy without your customizations. The Fleet agent will fallback to using its built-in default values when it redeploys. If the Fleet version doesn't change during the downgrade, the redeployment won't be immediate.

Author: ```suggestion
If you downgrade Rancher to a version that doesn't have your custom fields, your changes will be lost and the agents will re-deploy without your customizations. The Fleet agent will fallback to using its built-in default values when it re-deploys. If the Fleet version doesn't change during the downgrade, the re-deploy won't be immediate.
```
